Ensure CSS `theme()` functions are evaluated in media query ranges with collapsed whitespace (#14321)
tailwindlabs/tailwindcss: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - Correctly apply CSS `theme()` functions inside `@media` range contexts ((#14321)[https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14321])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure CSS `theme()` functions are evaluated in media query ranges with collapsed whitespace ((#14321)[https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14321])
```
